Yeah, B, it spreads out skewed data. So data is clumped together around, just starting the bathroom. And then ordering animals, meaningfully helps, because... Easy, easy, visual comparison, right? This is what we talked about in our data visualization lecture that we've looked at when we were on the last Monday. Okay, what is Patti data? So, we talked about how you data, it's data, it's a data set for each variable in the palm, and each observation is a row, right? Now, walk the way around. And each... Entry could be thought about as its own table. sorry. A histogram show the exams for the long scale to the right, is the distribution you'd left or right? What does it suggest about most students scores? Well, sorry, is it you left or right? So the tail is long tail on the right side, So it's something like this. Maybe? I don't know. We say skewed right, because it tails to the right, right? Wherever the tail, that's, you know, we can do it. What does this indicate? If a student scores, they show that most students scored probably in the middle or lower range. What about these higher grades? Or a few students or, right? If they have a long tail to the right. Good questions about this one. What doesers distribution? What do you notice, first of all, the Indian is close to what? Yeah, it's very close to the lower West. It was pretty far from the upper oyster, right? What does it suggest? Where are most of the values clustered around? Doris, girls. The lower edge, right? Most of them are clustered around there. What does this mean about some of the larger observations? But they probably what? Outliers are probably unusual in some way, right? Yeah, so just describing that would get equal points for a question like this, right? Or 2 to 3 cents. There are multiple small plots, like concrete showing income versus life expectancy. Why is fasting useful compared to one from my spot? Why is it useful to have multiple plots by country? I think this is kind of, like, experiences are one second. There's a pretty direct question. What happens when we group all the data together? It's harder to understand, we wouldn't be able to see trends from country to country, right? So fascinating will allow us to see these country to country differences instead of moving all the data together. Why should we show the data instead of only summary statistics? is more of like the principles we talk about. And there's multiple kind of questions, um, There's multiple answers to this. Yeah, could a visualization, right? Summer statistics might hide important features of the data, right? So showing as much as possible is important. Um, We know that our summer statistics compress the data into just a few numbers, right? Um, And it could make then data sets that are actually very different appear identical, right? We're just compressing it down for average and standard mediation. Do you have a characteristic of a graph that might make it misleading and explain why? There's multiple answers for this. Okay. I'm starting at zero, right? That makes small differences look bigger. What's another one? I'll give them only four, right? Using area when length can be used instead, right? Because humans are bad at seeing comparing areas versus comparing lights. instead of city? The opposite, using 3D, right? 3D graphs when you can just make it too deep, right? That'd be cool. Um, how we see the graph as well. What's another one? This is very specific, but I would accept this as an answer as well. Using a non-colored wine friendly palette, we talked about this, colored palette, right? If somebody's colored one, it's hard for them to see the differences. amongst colors. Okay. All right. I did a second case, many zeros, and a few very large values. What transformation might help visualize it and why? If you have many small values and very few large values. A lot of transformation. one. It does the opposite of this, right? It compresses large values and spreads out the stolen ones, right? So it would, um, kind of give us a more even view of the data. Right? It would be make the distribution easier to do you see easier to compare. Sure. So a lot transformation will be helpful because it keep processes the larger value. And spreads out the smaller value. Damn, lastly, two box pots, compare salaries for company A and company B. Company A is a higher median, a smaller IQR. Interpre the results. So on the AS, I have a higher reading, what is this injury? A typical employee at helping the A one of who we said. On small. Makes more money than somebody at company needs. And what would the smaller IQR indicate? Yeah, the calorie that comes in a very black, right? There's a smaller IQR, so there's less variability. If the salaries are more consistent, very to company A, then they would be a company B. Most likely company has more spread than with their salaries. Great. there any questions?